{TRADING NAME}
Privacy Policy

Overview
Your privacy is critically important to us.
- We do not ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
- We do not share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
- We do not store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.

If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact us.
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites, services and applications.

Website Visitors
Like most internet businesses, we collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.  Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our websites, services and applications.  From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our services.
The nature of our websites, services and applications means that we may also collect potentially personally-identifying information at times, such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users.  We only disclose such information under the same circumstances that we use and disclose personally-identifying information as described below, except that such data may be made visible and disclosed to the administrators of the websites, services or applications being used.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain users of our websites, services or applications choose to interact with us in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information.  The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction.  For example, we may ask visitors who sign up for a service to provide a username and email address, or to supply the personal and financial information required to process a payment transaction.  In such cases, we aim to collect only as much information as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the immediate purpose.  We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.  Users can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities.

Aggregated Statistics
We may collect aggregated statistics about the behavior of users of our websites, services and applications, and may display this information publicly or provide it to others.  However, we do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
We disclose personally-identifying information and potentially personally-identifying information only to those of our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that: (a) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide our services and applications, and (b) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.  Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our websites, services or applications, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.  We will not rent or sell personally-identifying information and potentially personally-identifying information to anyone.  Other than to our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, we discloses personally-identifying information and potentially personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of ourselves, third parties or the public at large.  If you are a registered user of one of our websites, services or applications, and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what is going on with us and our products.  We will not spam you with lots of unwanted mail.  If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.  We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.  We may uses cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of our websites, and their website access preferences.  Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our websites, with the drawback that certain features of our websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads appearing on any of our websites, services or applications may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.  These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.  This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.  This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Business Transfers
If we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.  You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

User Content
Our use of any content submitted by users to our websites, services or applications is covered by the terms of use governing those websites, services or applications.

Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion.  We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes.

Published: 13 August 2014

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This document is based upon a template by Revolutionary Systems and made available by them under a Creative Commons license (and which in turn was based upon a Creative Commons Privacy Policy created by Automattic, Inc.).  Thanks guys.
