Welcome
Hi.  We are <em>{TRADING NAME}</em>, a {[company] / [trading name of COMPANY NAME ('Company Name')]} which has its registered office at {ADDRESS} in {COUNTRY}.
Thank you for choosing to use our services ('Services').
This document is the agreement ('Agreement') which sets out the terms and conditions that govern all use of our Services.  By opening an account with us you are agreeing to these terms in full and without modification - so please read them carefully.  In fact, we advise you to take a printed copy for your records.  You may not open an account or use any of our Services if you: (a) do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (b) are not lawfully entitled to use the Services in the country in which you are located or reside, or (c) if you are not of legal age to form a binding agreement with us.
If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by us, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.

Your Account
In order to use our Services you need to create and maintain a valid account.  We require that you use real details for this, and do not misrepresent yourself.  If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business is deemed to also have accepted these terms, and you warrant that you have the necessary permission from your business to bind them in this way.

{Use para A if only the master account is required to susbcribe to these terms, or para B if all users will susbcribe individually.}
{A}After creating your account, you may be able to create sub-accounts for other users in your business or team.  You are fully responsible for your account and all activities that occur under your account, including by sub-account holders and others to whom you grant access.
{B}If you are using an account assigned to you by an administrator (such as your employer), please be aware that your administrator may be able to review your use of the account and/or disable your account, but is not able to initiate activity under your account.  You are fully responsible for your account and all activities that occur under your account, including by others to whom you grant access.

We require that you maintain the security of your account by keeping your password confidential and not sharing it with others.  If you suspect that someone else knows your password, then you must immediately change it in order to protect the security of your account.

Using Our Services
As long as you hold a valid account with us, you may use our Services in accordance with these terms and only as permitted by law, including applicable export and control laws and regulations.  When accessing our Services using a mobile device and/or in a public place, you must do so in a way that does not infringe the rights of others nor distract or prevent you from obeying local safety or traffic laws.
When a Service requires or includes downloadable software or scripts ('Software'), we give you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive licence to use the Software.  This licence is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services in the manner permitted by these terms.  You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or lease any part of our Services or Software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of the Services or Software, unless laws applicable to you prohibit these restrictions or you have our written permission.  Some code used in our Services or Software may be offered under an open-source licence that we will make available to you.  Please be aware that there may be provisions in the open-source licence that expressly override some of these terms in regard to such code only.
You agree that we cannot be held responsible for any costs you may incur from third parties (for example, but not limited to, data transmission charges) from using our Software or Services.
We reserve the right to automatically update Software on your device(s) once a new version or feature is available.
You agree not to misuse our Services or Software by, for example (but not limited to), interfering with them or trying to access them using a method other than through the interfaces and the instructions that we provide, or by seeking to circumvent any limitations in them.
Your use of our Services and Software does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in them, nor the right to use any of our branding or logos.  Please do not remove, obscure or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.
We may suspend or stop providing our Services or Software to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.

Payment and Renewal
By signing up for one or more of our Services, you agree to pay us the monthly or annual fees indicated for those Services (as well as any applicable taxes thereon) on an indefinate recurring basis.  Fees will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for the Services, which may be in advance of your use of the Services.  Unless you notify us before the end of the paid-for period that you want to cancel, your subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable subscription fee for the Services for an equivalent time period using any payment card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you.
Some Services may provide for additional, optional, in-app purchases ('Upgrades') to provide or extend features of the Service.  By selecting an Upgrade you agree to pay the monthly or annual fees indicated for that Upgrade (as well as any applicable taxes thereon) on an indefinate recurring basis.  Fees for Upgrades will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you select the Upgrade, which may be in advance of your use of the Upgrade.  Upgrade fees may be billed and renewed at the same time, and in the same manner, as the Service(s) to which they apply.  This may result in you paying a pro-rated amount for an Upgrade during the first charging period.
You may cancel one or more of your subscribed Services or Upgrades at any time.  No refunds of fees are given, but we will ensure that you are not charged for cancelled Services or Upgrades at the next renewal of your subscription.
We reserve the right to change payment terms and fees upon thirty days prior written notice to you.

Content
Our Services may allow users to send, receive, upload, submit, store or share content of various kinds (such as, but not limited to, text, images, audio, video, and computer files) ('Content').  You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that Content, but give us (and those we work with) a worldwide licence to use, store, host, reproduce, modify, analyze, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes that we make so that your Content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, perform, display and distribute such Content for the limited purposes of operating, promoting and improving our Services, enriching the experience which you and others receive, and developing new services.  This licence continues even if you stop using our Services.

You are entirely responsible for Content produced by you and by your end-users, and for any harm resulting from that Content.  You agree to fully and effectively indemnify us, our suppliers and our licensors, against any and all claims and expenses (including legal fees) which might arise from or relate to such Content, including but not limited to actual or alleged:
- infringement of any proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party in the Content;
- breach of any of your employer's rights in or to the Content;
- non-compliance with any third-party licenses relating to the Content;
- damage or loss arising from any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive code in the Content;
- infringement of any laws or protocols governing the transmission of unwanted, unethical or illegal material in the Content;
- infringement of any laws or protocols governing the right to, or place of, storage or transmission of the Content; and
- misrepesentation, defamation, libel or slander in the Content;

You agree to ensure that the Content produced by you is:
- legal, not pornographic, not offensive, does not contain threats or incite violence, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party; and is
- not deliberately deceptive, nor presented in a manner that might mislead others into thinking that you are another person or company.

If you delete Content, we will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Services, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not become immediately unavailable.  Please also be aware that we may retain a copy of deleted Content for purposes of historical record or where required to do so by law.
Without limiting any representations or warranties, we reserve the right (though not the obligation) to, in our sole discretion (a) refuse or remove any content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policies or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (b) terminate or deny access to and use of the Services to any individual or entity for any reason, in our sole discretion.  We will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
You can find more information about how we use and store content in our Privacy Policy.  By using our Services, you agree that we can use such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we may use your feedback or suggestions without obligation to you.

Copyright Infringement {[and DMCA Policy]}
{If you are a US company you will need the DMCA wording and policy.}}
We try always to respect the intellectual property rights of others.  If you believe that material located on or in our Services violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify us {[at TAKE DOWN EMAIL / in accordance with our Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Policy]}.  We respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material.  We will terminate a user's access to and use of the Services if, under appropriate circumstances, the user is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of ourselves or others.  In the case of such termination, we will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to us.

Modifying and Terminating our Services
We are constantly updating our Services, and that means that sometimes we may add or remove functionality or features, alter or create new plans or limits on plans, or even suspend or stop providing a Service altogether.  We may also have to change the legal terms under which Services are offered.  If we make any changes that are material to you, we will let you know by sending you an email or other communication before the changes take effect.  This notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which the changes will take effect.  We hope that such changes will always be acceptable to you, but should you wish, you may terminate this agreement within the designated notice period.  Where we have advised a change to legal terms, your continued use of our Services after the notice period will indicate your full acceptance of, and be subject to, the revised terms.
You can terminate this agreement at any time by closing your account with us, although we would be sorry to see you go.  We also reserve the right to terminate this agreement (and by extension, your access to the Services) at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, and not withstanding any other provisions of this agreement.
All provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Warranties and Disclaimers
We pride ourselves on the skill and care we take in developing and providing our Services and we hope that you will enjoy using them.  However, the Services are provided 'as is' - neither we nor our suppliers or distributors make any specific promises about the Services.  For example, we do not make any commitments about the content within the Services, the specific functions of the Services or their reliability, availability or suitability to meet your needs.  We, our suppliers and licensors, hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.  Neither we nor our suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Services will be error free or that access will be continuous or uninterrupted.

Limitation of Liability
In no event will we, our suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (a) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (b) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (c) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; (d) for lost profits, revenues or data, financial losses or indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages; or (e) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to us under this agreement during the twelve month period prior to the cause of action.  We shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond our reasonable control.
We recognise that in some countries, you might have legal rights in this area which can not be waived by contract.  The limitations set out in this section shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

General Representation and Warranty
You represent and warrant that (a) your use of the Services will be in strict accordance with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United Kingdom or the country in which you reside) and (b) your use of the Services will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our contractors, and our licensors, and our respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, judgements, litigation costs and legal fees, arising from or related to your use of the Services or violation of these terms.

Jurisdication, Scope and Enforcement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you concerning the subject matter covered.  It may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of our company, or by notification of a revised version.  Except to the extent that applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Services will be governed by the laws of {COUNTRY}, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the courts of {JURISDICTION (e.g.  England and Wales)}.
If any part of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.  A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof.  You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; we may assign our rights under this Agreement without condition.  This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

Published: 13 August 2014

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This document is based upon a template by Revolutionary Systems and made available by them under a Creative Commons license (which in turn was based upon a Creative Commons Terms of Service agreement created by Automattic, Inc.).  Thanks guys.
